Mention that Godot OpenXR doesn't work with Microsoft MR runtime (#5554)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/vr/openxr/runtime_selection.rst

.. image:: img/switch_runtime.png

> The OpenXR plugin will not work with the Microsoft MR runtime. That runtime only supports
> OpenXR applications that use DirectX, and Godot uses OpenGL 3 and 2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenXR plugin will **not** work with the Microsoft MR runtime.
That runtime only supports OpenXR applications that use DirectX,
but Godot uses OpenGL ES 3.0 or 2.0.
```
